adding preview/compile updates (#3942)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud.md

| **IDE version control** | The IDE version control section and git button allow you to apply the concept of [version control](/docs/collaborate/git/version-control-basics) to your project directly into the IDE. <br /><br /> - Create or change branches<br /> - Commit or revert individual files by right-clicking the edited file<br /> - [Resolve merge conflicts](/docs/collaborate/git/merge-conflicts)<br /> - Execute git commands using the git button <br /> - Link to the repo directly by clicking the branch name |
| **Project documentation** | Generate and view your [project documentation](/docs/collaborate/build-and-view-your-docs) for your dbt project in real-time. You can inspect and verify what your project's documentation will look like before you deploy your changes to production. |

> | **Preview and Compile button** | You can run your code or selected code against your data platform by clicking the [**Preview**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section). Use the [**Compile**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) button in the IDE to generate executable SQL, which occurs locally within dbt. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Preview and Compile button** | You can run your code or selected code against your data platform by clicking the [**Preview**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) button. <br /> Use the [**Compile**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) button in the IDE to generate executable SQL, which occurs locally within dbt. |
```

> | **Preview and Compile button** | You can run your code or selected code against your data platform by clicking the [**Preview**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) button. <br /> Use the [**Compile**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) button in the IDE to generate executable SQL, which occurs locally within dbt. |

Reviewer: This isn't quite right - the change isn't around letting users highlight a subset of code and preview just that selected subset. The change is that you can now preview a model _using the actual context of that model_, same as you would get when building it.

So this is more like: "You can compile or preview a snippet of dbt code, or one of your dbt models after editing and saving."

Author: love this, thank you!

> | **Preview and Compile button** | You can run your code or selected code against your data platform by clicking the [**Preview**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) button. <br /> Use the [**Compile**](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) button in the IDE to generate executable SQL, which occurs locally within dbt. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Preview and Compile button** | You can [compile or preview](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/ide-user-interface#console-section) code, a snippet of dbt code, or one of your dbt models after editing and saving. |
```
